Source	Term	Definition	Collection	Last Updated	Example Text	See Also
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Region	"Region defines an institution, what we commonly call campus or community college. "		7/1/2015	28020	Campus Code
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Region Description	The name of the institution		"These are static unless the names change as they have recently for some comprehensives, however in general we do not match the formal names but keep the simepl short names which makes easier reporting and alphabetizing"	Binghamton   When Region (the unique ID) and Region Description are combined it would be as follows.   28020 Binghamton University	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Facility	"Facility refers to a physical location in the state. For Example U Albnay has an uptown campus, a downtown campus, a campus on the east side of the river, and space in Whiteface. Community colleges often have several facilities."		whenever a new facility is created	In general a region will have a Main Campus but many have other satCombining Region Region Description and Facility would be    28020 Binghamton University Main Campus	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Property	"Property is typically a building, but also includes individual parking lots, ball fields, and for each Facility a Grounds property which covers all else. Property has a unique ID which is the Building Number and which cannot change. IT also has a Property Description (building name) which can change."		Updated anytime a property is new or and existing property changes status. See Statuses below	34	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Property Description	The name of the building or Property		Anytime the building name changes	Anderson Building 	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Property Status	"Defines whether a property is active, vacant, underconstruction, has been sold, has been demolished, or is being planned for the future. There is also an inactive status which really applies to errors put into the database which cannot be deleted."		Updated anytime a property is new or and existing property changes status.	Active	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Property abbreviation	This is a short abbreviation which is currently the uniquie ID for connecting properties to the Real Asset Management Inventory (RAMI) system managed by the Controllers office		This can be changed but must be done so in concert with the Controllers office to keep their database accurate. All property identification fields must be shared with the controllers office for RAMI	ANDBLD	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Location ID	"Location is most often a room in a building but could also be a particular location on the grounds such as a gate, a fuel tank or a reserved parking space. The Location ID is the the room number. For spaces outside of buildings it is whatever is the best description in 15 characters or less that works. Location ID is also key to RAMI for tracking where equipment is and is critical to annual audits of movable equipment that is manged by the controllers office. Location data is also used for classroom/course scheduling purposes and for student room assignments. Ideally those sytems will always be using the updated AiM data"		Can be (and should be) changed whenever room changes occur. A new Space Survey tool is in development and will be rolled out soon.	101	
"AiM Property, Space and Workplace Management software"	Location Description 	This is a simple description of the room or other space. All spaces in buildings including hallways are included in AiM		Whenever room descriptions change	Office	
